For this program, I will have to check for suspicious activity for the users of this company's system, which in this case would be monitoring the times that the users log in. 

There are two conditions in which account behavior is considered suspicious. One being that the user logs in more than five times in a single day, and the other being that the user logs in in any time between the hours of 12:00 AM and 5:00 AM. 

The total count of suspicious activity for all individuals must be recorded over the course of the dates given, with any and all suspicipous activity recorded on a single day being counted as one for that day. The time, activity, and server must be listed accodringly if they fall under the line of suspicipous activity. 

use a loop for this program (i.e. while) in order to account for all of the users who are registered in the system, and then use conditional statements (i.e. if/elif/else) in order to check if those users are guilty of suspicious activity.

I will also have to write a code that checks for irresponsible behavior from the system users. 

In this situation, irresponsible behavior is determined by counting the number of log-ins and log-outs. 

Users are required to log-out after every log-in session, so the number of log-ins should never be greater than the number of log-outs. 

However, if this just so happens to be the case for any given user, then the system will have to count this as irresponsible behavior. 

I will also likely have to use a loop for this program (i.e. while) in order to account for all of the users who are registered in the system, and then use conditional statements (i.e. if/elif/else) in order to check if those users fit the criteria for irresponsible behavior. 

The time, activity, and server must be listed accodringly if theyt fall under the line of irresponsible behavior. 

The total count of irresponsible behavior for all individuals must be recorded over the course of the dates given, with any and all irresponsible behavior recorded on a single day being counted as one for that day.

Next, I will have to check for any glitches in the company's system. In this case, a system glitch is considered to be a recording of log-outs being greater than the number of log-ins for any given user. 

I will also likely have to use a loop for this program (i.e. while) in order to account for all of the users who are registered in the system, and then use conditional statements (i.e. if/elif/else) in order to check if those user accounts fit the criteria for a system glitch. 

The total count of system glitches for all individuals must be recorded over the course of the dates given, with any and all system glitches recorded on a single day being counted as one for that day.

Lastly, I will have to list all of the unique domains, as well as all of the indivudals who are registered within each of the respective domains. 

Any additional code that needs to be written in order to improve the company's system will be added if they will fix any further issues that arise.
